hey guys so I want to apologize for the
really shitty quality videos that I
produce and basically I don't have a
camera I just have a video camera so
it's either this or the webcam no cams
really grainy and blue and so you have
to cope with me shaking and rubbish and
whatever but it works me I want to so
the reason i'm doing this video is just
because I've just dyed it again so just
dead my roots so it's gone yellow again
I don't know whether you can see in this
light this is just washed obviously
still wet so you should be able to see
all the gold in it um that's a big bit
there so I'm going to dry it with
hairdryer and then I'm going to put the
direction silver on so as much this is a
really boring thing I just thought I put
it on so you could see what it looks
like now what it looks like when it's
dry and and what it looks like wet with
the silver on like once I've rinsed it
off and then when it's dry and done I
thought I just do a video so if anybody
wants to go blonde then you know that
this is what its gonna look like if you
don't put the silver honest officer yeah
I'll be back in a sec now you're not
allowed to laugh because I haven't
straightened it or anything or go ahead
so this is just my hair after died just
dried so you can see what it looks like
if you don't put any tone or anything
okay so this is the color of it you can
see it better now still very yellow and
very afro II and I've been blessed with
really bushy thick horrid her so
and this is the color that it is at the
moment um so as you can see even though
just put more bleach on it it's still
yellow so I'm going to put the direction
silver on I'm not going to film pointing
it on because it's a bit boring and
obviously you know I just paint it on my
head so this is stuff a museum it looks
blue I know it looks terrifying I'm not
putting it in with any conditioner or
anything I'm just putting it on as it is
so I'm a little bit afraid of what it's
going to look like no really it's over
here at the end of the day so yeah i'll
show you what it looks like once a good
all on and so you can see whether it
changes color or ever just in case you
do think that this county thing would be
terrified and then after that I suppose
our film once I've washed it off and
dryer and strained it and let it daily
labor yet so you'll get to see like
everything and then after that you can
make up your own mind whether you're
going to use this stuff because I know
it might go grey or it might go why or I
don't even know what color is going to
grow as long as it's not yellow anymore
I don't really care so I guess I'll see
you in a bit so this is it with it on it
still looks pretty blue but if you look
at my room's swiveling around it looks
like I've missed them like they look
white boy i started at the ropes and
it's just kind of like kind of going
into my hair so I'm I'm actually looking
forward to how this is gonna turn out
and i only had one part so i put it on
and put it in the problem areas first so
that if it doesn't turn out amazingly
like if you doesn't go gray or if you
didn't go silver all ever and at least I
will have toned the bit
that were the problem bit so I did all
the yellow bits that were really bugging
me and then the rest I like I did all
the way around my hairline and on my
parting that if my fringe cuz that's a
big yellow bit and they strip here on
this trip here we big problem yellow
areas and the back of my head like the
root area and was probably really bugs I
can't see what their officer so I did
back there and then when I started
running out basically I had it all on
the top and underneath it was just the
bits in in between so just kept rubbing
it round robin it round rubbing it
around and why did was while still
having my gloves on I put them under the
tap um doesn't my hot or cold high-top
sneakers feels nicer on my head and just
kind of rubbed it around and it's moved
the the color more evenly throughout my
hair so it's kind of like really blow in
some places and like washy grey in other
places um I think somebody on here um I
can't remember name oh dear I'm rubbish
at this but she said that she left it on
for two hours and so dependent I guess
on what kind of effect you want legal as
long as you want and we'll leave it on
until I can you know can't physically
stand it anymore like oh my god I just
want to wash my hair so yeah this is
what it looks like now and I will see
you again once it's washed out and tried
and shamed